#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
alembic==1.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
amqp==5.0.9
    # via kombu
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via sentry-sdk
attrs==21.4.0
    # via jsonschema
authlib==1.0.0b2
    # via -r requirements.in
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babel
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
bleach==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-multipass
    #   flask-pluginengine
    #   sentry-sdk
celery[redis]==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentry-sdk
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via authlib
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
distro==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wtforms
executing==0.8.2
    # via sentry-sdk
feedgen==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-multipass
    #   flask-pluginengine
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-webpackext
    #   flask-wtf
    #   sentry-sdk
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-caching==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-limiter==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-marshmallow==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-multipass==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-pluginengine==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
flask-webpackext==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-wtf==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via redis
html2text==2020.1.16
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via lxml
icalendar==4.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
indico-fonts==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==7.31.1
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-pluginengine
jsonschema==4.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
kombu==5.2.3
    # via celery
limits==2.1.1
    # via flask-limiter
lxml[html5]==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   feedgen
mako==1.1.6
    # via alembic
markdown==3.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-dataclass
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-oneofschema
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   webargs
marshmallow-dataclass[enum]==8.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   marshmallow-dataclass
marshmallow-oneofschema==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via ipython
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via typing-inspect
node-semver==0.8.1
    # via pywebpack
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   reportlab
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
psycopg2==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.1
    # via sentry-sdk
pycountry==20.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pynpm==0.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-webpackext
    #   pywebpack
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via packaging
pypdf2==1.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   feedgen
    #   icalendar
    #   wtforms-dateutil
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   flask-babel
    #   icalendar
pywebpack==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-webpackext
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
qrcode==7.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
redis[hiredis]==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
reportlab==3.6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk[celery,flask,pure_eval,sqlalchemy]==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bcrypt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
speaklater==1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy==1.4.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   wtforms-sqlalchemy
terminaltables==3.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
translitcodec==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via marshmallow-dataclass
ua-parser==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webargs==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wtforms[email]==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-wtf
    #   wtforms-dateutil
    #   wtforms-sqlalchemy
wtforms-dateutil==0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wtforms-sqlalchemy==0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
xlsxwriter==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
